in today's video we will go through the
events of 2021's horror mystery
spiral spoilers ahead you have been
warned make sure to give this video a
thumbs up
comment on what your favorite part was
and subscribe to our channel for more
detective marv boswick is an off-duty
cop enjoying the 4th of july parade
he walks into the crowd as a man in
front of him steals a woman's purse and
runs away
boswick chases the thief in an attempt
to catch him the thief runs down a sewer
drainage pipe while boswick follows him
there
he is distracted by a mannequin when a
man with a pig mask
attacks him from behind when boswick
opens his eyes
his hands are cuffed behind him his
tongue is suspended to a metal trap
and he stands in a chair in the middle
of a working subway
track his tongue and hands both are
bleeding
when a recorded message plays on a
device boswick is given a choice via the
recorded message
tear out his tongue and live or remain
until the next train arrives and die
boswick tries his best to release his
tongue but is unable to escape the track
in time
he is hit by the train and killed
according to the message
this is his punishment for lying and
falsely putting people in jail
detective ezekiel zeke banks is assigned
to a new rookie partner
william shank by the police captain
angie garza zeke is a solo worker and
doesn't like partner william but is
forced to work with him
they are assigned the case of marv
boswick's death the duo bonds on their
way to the crime scene
william has a family with a kid and a
wife while zeke has a son
and is going through a divorce when they
reach the location
they are horrified to see boswick's
dissected body
they have not found out his identity yet
but seeing his face distorted they
know it will be a difficult task when
they get back to the station
zeke receives a package inside is a pen
drive that says
play me a video plays of a man saying
that he is there to help the police
and remind them of their oath and that
one officer from the station has refused
to be reformed
the background of the video is the wall
of the courthouse building with a red
spiral spray painted on it
the detectives suggest the person doing
this is a jigsaw copycat
jigsaw used to be a famous criminal
known for similar kinds of criminal
activity
but he has been dead for years the
detectives go to the courthouse to
investigate
in the window beside the sign is a
package of the same sword
zeke opens it to reveal a tongue inside
along with the tongue is a police badge
they find the badge belongs to detective
boswick the dental report identifies
that the dead body found was indeed
boswig's
the whole squad gathers at the station
to discuss the murder
zeke doesn't get along with his
colleague detective fitch and the rest
of the team
but they keep their differences aside
for the case zeke is the leader of the
team for this case
boswick used to be one of zeke's family
friends he goes to boswick's house to
meet boswick's wife cara
zeke's wife lisa is there too kara tells
zeke that a few days ago
a black suv was in front of their house
bosweek has gotten into an argument with
the person inside
she provides him with boswick's ipad and
laptop and requests him to find the
culprit
when zeke gets home his father and a
former police officer marcus banks sits
in his kitchen
marcus invites zeke for dinner that day
to go over the case
he and zeke do not have a good
relationship
several years ago zika turned in his
co-detective for killing a witness for
wanting to testify against another cop
detective fitch had ignored his backup
calls resulting in him being shot
after the incident zeke did not trust
anyone from the team anymore and still
prefers working alone
except in this case he does not have a
choice
the copycat jigsaw killer is extremely
dangerous
the team investigates the case the whole
day but does not find anything useful
detective fitch and his partner find a
video of bose wick chasing the thief
before his death from a surveillance
camera of a gun shop
but they do not inform zeke and
investigate the case further themselves
fitch knows the thief from the video his
name is benny writes
fitch goes to meet him alone he finds a
pig mask there
as he tries to call back up he is
strangled by someone
when he wakes up he is in a water basin
his head is inside a cage
and his fingers are wired to an electric
device he tries to free himself but to
no avail
a video plays in front of him that says
he should rip his fingers out to free
himself
or else he will get electrocuted he is
there because he had once killed a man
just because he insulted him
fitch is unable to escape so he dies
later that night william finds out that
boswick had the highest number of cases
where he had lied in the courthouse he
tells zeke about it
that is why the killer placed his tongue
outside the courthouse
zeke goes to his father's for dinner but
he is not there
the next day another parcel of the same
sort arrives for zeke
inside is another pen drive the video is
of a car with the same red spiral spray
painted on it
in front of it is a toy pig they know
the place is two blocks away from the
station
this is the place where fitch had killed
that man the cops reached there and open
the car door to reveal a dead pig inside
there is also another package inside the
package are fitch's fingers
they detect fitch's last location and go
there to find his dead body in the water
basin
they find out that fitch was searching
for a man named benny rights zeke and
williams go to search for him but
are unsuccessful then they go to see
zeke's old partner pete
he was the one zeke snitched on about
killing an innocent man
zeke thinks pete is doing all this to
take revenge on him but pete doesn't
reveal anything
that night zeke goes to his father's
apartment but he is still not there
the following day another delivery of
the same sort comes into the station
zeke opens it to reveal an amputated
head of a pig
a note inside says don't let me get
under your skin they take the head out
to see a piece of human skin on the box
the skin has the same tattoo as williams
did making zeke believe that williams
was the next victim
inside the skin is a bottle of
constantine paints this leads the
detectives to a meat shop which zeke and
his dad used to visit years ago
there they find a corpse that had been
skinned they assume
it is williams zeke is confused as to
who would do this
captain angie is at the station when she
gets a message from marcus banks asking
her to come down to the basement in the
cold case room
when she enters the room a man wearing a
pig mask appears in front of her
she tries to run away but the door is
locked then the room starts to fill with
gas
from behind angie someone attacks her
when angie wakes up
she is tied to a system with a sheet on
her face
a tape recorder plays which says that
angie has been covering the corruption
of her police friends for a long time
now it is her turn to cover her face hot
boiling wax will drip down to her face
in a few seconds
and the only way for her to escape is by
severing her spinal cord
angie struggles to free herself as the
hot wax pours on her face
in the end she dies zeke and the squad
are called to the scene where another
police officer was attacked
but it was just to distract them from
angie zeke soon realizes this and runs
to get angie
he and detective o'brien reach the
basement but it is too late
they come out to check the footage from
the surveillance camera a few seconds of
footage is missing
someone has cleared it from the system
they check the entry login and find that
williams and marcus banks had entered
into the system
detective o'brien accuses marcus of
being the one behind everything
which angers zeke he goes back to pete's
but he isn't there
he has been calling marcus but he
doesn't pick up the call
suddenly someone attacks zeke from
behind when he wakes up
he is in a warehouse handcuffed to a
pipe he sees someone chained to the
ceiling
zeke unlocks the coughs with a bobby pin
nearby he checks on the person with him
and sees that it is pete
zeke tries to unlock him but pete is
tightly chained
there is a cassette hung to his neck
zeke plays it
it says that the only way to save pete
is by finding a key
a system of machine starts zeke soon
realizes that it is a large glass
crushing machine
which has been modified to hurl shrapnel
at him and pete at high speed
it starts bombarding glass pieces of
peat but zeke cannot do anything
the machine stops for a while just then
zeke finds the key
but peter dies before he can free him
zeke is injured from the glass pieces
too
he goes down the warehouse and enters a
room to see none others than william
standing in front of him
zeke is shocked but soon realizes that
this was all
william's doing william is actually the
child of the innocent man pete had
killed
all those years earlier he had come back
to avenge the police
system he lied about everything
including his family and his real name
now he has abducted zeke's father as
well he asks zeke to partner with him to
remove
all the corrupt officers in the system
zeke agrees to do it if william lets his
father go
william hands him a gun and calls the
swat team telling them that a man with a
gun is attacking the place
he then takes zeke to a room where his
father is suspended from the ceiling
this is zeke's final test he is handed a
gun
marcus is tied to a system where his
blood is being sucked out of his body
and into jars
the only way to shoot him is to shoot a
target on the ceiling that will bring
him down
william gives zeke options to either
save his dad
or kill william his gun has only one
bullet
zeke chooses to save his father then he
begins to fight williams
shortly after the swat team arrives what
zeke doesn't know is that the swat team
breaking through the door
is going to cause a mechanical shift
that will pull marcus up again
as the team gets in they trigger a
tripwire causing marcus's restraints to
yank him upward again
then marcus's arm moves by itself
pointing the gun attached to it at the
swat team
his body is like a puppet the swat team
mistakes him for the shooter
and shoots him several times eventually
killing him
zeke screams in anguish as william
escapes
thanks for watching make sure to like
and comment on the video if you enjoyed
it
and subscribe to the channel to see more
of these movie summaries